docs: add Nomad Autoscaler HA configuration details. (#19010)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/tools/autoscaling/agent/high_availability.mdx

layout: docs
page_title: high_availability Block - Nomad Autoscaler Agent Configuration
description: >-
  The "high_availability" block is used to configure the Nomad Autoscaler agent
  in high availability (HA) mode. In this mode, multiple agents participate in
  leadership election, with only the leader conducting autoscaling calculations
  and actions.
---

# `high_availability` Block

<Placement groups={['high_availability']} />

The `high_availability` block is used to configure the Nomad Autoscaler agent
in high availability (HA) mode. In this mode, multiple agents participate in
leadership election, with only the leader conducting autoscaling calculations
and actions.

```hcl
high_availability {
  enabled      = true
  lock_path    = "custom/lock/path"
  lock_ttl     = "30s"
  lock_delay   = "15s"
}
```

## `high_availability` Parameters

- `enabled` `(bool: false)` - Specifies whether the Nomad Autoscaler agent will
  start in high availability mode. If enabled, the agent instance attempts to
  hold a lock over a Nomad variable and will only execute if the lock is
  successfully acquired.

- `lock_path` `(string: "nomad-autoscaler/lock")` - Defines the path of the Nomad

>   variable that will be used to sync the leader when running on high

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  variable that will be used to sync the leader when running in high
```

  availability mode. This parameter needs to be the same on all Nomad Autoscaler
  agents expected to take part in the same leadership election process.

- `lock_ttl` `(string: "60s")` - Defines the lease period or TTL of the lock used

>   to sync the leader when running on high availability mode. If the Nomad Autoscaler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to sync the leader when running in high availability mode. If the Nomad Autoscaler
```

  agent does not renew the lock within this period, the lock is considered lost.

- `lock_delay` `(string: "30s")` - Defines the period that the lock will be blocked

>   after the TTL expired without being renewed. It is helps prevent split brain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  after the TTL expired without being renewed. This helps prevent split brain
```
